Spec MSC2285: Private read receipts (#1216)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/modules/receipts.md

### Receipts

{{< changed-in v="1.4" >}} Added private read receipts.

This module adds in support for receipts. These receipts are a form of
acknowledgement of an event. This module defines the `m.read` receipt
for indicating that the user has read up to a given event, and `m.read.private`
to achieve the same purpose without any other user being aware. Primarily,

> `m.read.private` is meant to clear [notifications](#receiving-notifications)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`m.read.private` is intended to clear [notifications](#receiving-notifications)
```
minor phrasing quibble

{{% http-api spec="client-server" api="receipts" %}}

##### Private read receipts

{{% added-in v="1.4" %}}

> Some users would like to clear their [notification counts](#receiving-notifications),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some users would like to mark a room as read, clearing their [notification counts](#receiving-notifications),
```
